Fix changed Cost Estimation value in API docs (#1497)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/api/organizations.html.md

`data.attributes.session-timeout`          | integer |    20160  | Session timeout after inactivity (minutes)
`data.attributes.session-remember`         | integer |    20160  | Session expiration (minutes)
`data.attributes.collaborator-auth-policy` | string  | password  | Authentication policy (`password` or `two_factor_mandatory`)

> `data.attributes.cost-estimation-enabled`  | boolean | true      | Whether or not the cost estimation feature is enabled for all workspaces in the organization. Defaults to true on Terraform Cloud when the organization is on the Teams & Governance tier (else, the value is false and cannot be changed) and always true on Terraform Enterprise.

Reviewer: Hmm, yeah, the phrasing of this is tricky. What I _think_ I'm understanding here is: 

- TFC, Team&Gov or Business: defaults to true, can be optionally set to false. 
- TFC, Team or free: locked to false. 
- TFE: locked to true.

If that's the case, then maybe something like this? 

```suggestion
`data.attributes.cost-estimation-enabled`  | boolean | true      | Whether the cost estimation feature is enabled for the organization. If the organization is on the Teams & Governance paid tier or higher, this defaults to `true` but can be optionally disabled. Otherwise, the value (`false` on Terraform Cloud tiers without cost estimation, `true` on Terraform Enterprise) cannot be changed.
```

HMM.

Author: The last point isn't true - in TFE, the _default_ is true but can be set to false.

Here's a second attempt to make things a little more clear; the key point is that the default _is_ true, it just has added caveats depending on your platform (TFC must have the right tier, and TFE must be enabled at a higher level as well).

> Whether or not the cost estimation feature is enabled for all workspaces in the organization. Defaults to true. In a Terraform Cloud organization which does not have Teams & Governance features, this value is always false and cannot be changed. In Terraform Enterprise, Cost Estimation must also be enabled in Site Administration.

Author: I'm going to go with this to proceed, but absolutely feel free to tweak as desired!

Reviewer: Belatedly: this works for me!
